are any of you and you're going to see
Aquaman this weekend yeah Aquaman does
battle with Mary Poppins this week all
not literally oh that would be a good
fight
I pay $15 to see Mary Poppins fight on
woman she pokes him with an umbrella he
hits back with a halibut it could be a
big thing but anyway Aquaman set box
office records oh and that's when
Aquaman my goodness what's in the
friggin break that's right I said
something oh I remember you you're
Prince Nemo right how dare you Nemo is a
clownfish do I look like a clown fish
Jimmy no I am Prince Namor aka the
Submariner
[Music]
I'm sorry no no Prince Namor is a
somewhat obscure Marvel character you
can scale art a little bit he was here a
few months ago it was you were very
upset you weren't in the Avengers movie
right yeah that's the short version yeah
so what may I ask here well I have
another bone to pick with Marvel Jimmy
oh I want to know why Prince Namor aka
the Submariner how come he doesn't get
his own movie okay what the hell does
Aquaman have that this doesn't starters
Aquaman has a name that's not a
paragraph long and he also doesn't wear
a shiny little speedo top work excuse me
this is not a speedo Jimmy okay these
are my panties from Atlantis this is a
very European look Oh have you ever even
been to San Tropez oh I haven't but oh
you know Aquaman also has that big
awesome gold Trident did you have a
weapon anything like that um hello do I
have a weapon only the Horn of Proteus
okay which allows me to communicate with
fish Oh see now that power again is kind
of lame it's not really great you think
it's lame Jimmy you think the Horn of
Proteus is lame listen to this okay
ladies and gentlemen please welcome my
friend Gabby okay I understand
hey Gavin how are you welcome hard to
believe the show has never won the end
it really is yeah did you steal this
from John Oliver I don't think so
anyway this is the Horn of Proteus
Kate's Club yeah all right but it's the
thing is I just think Aquaman is a
little bit cooler than you that's all oh
really
okay you know what well I think I think
James Corden is cooler than you let's go
Gavin oh oh and by the way look I have
little wings on my feet yeah okay that
way I can fly away whenever I want to
all right that's cool mm-hmm not really
[Applause]
boy I love being the pre-show tonight
line and by the way everyone remember
next time you go swimming in the ocean
that's where Gavin and I go to the
bathroom
all right hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you
enjoyed that video hit subscribe and all
your dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos